hello there is psycho arthur and this video
from the game tips section
a specific map here I am on a tank
E25 most likely not even tank Fri-Sau seventh
premium level but now talk
never in the car about what i have
lagging replay now doesn't lag
so here's an NSC card always on my
cardboard machines caused some
problems that is, I did not understand where to cheek
go on it because you go to the city and
convenient to shoot
you will go to Zelenka there should in principle
shootouts are similar to urban
only born in the fact that you can
get around by zero if you continue 0 and
you will not support this sense
also 0
as you see now on setup class 33
chance of winning
that is, well , everyone is just plain sad
Are they words assure olenemetr have it
topic for a separate video and by the way she
coming out soon and I forgot to turn off the column
not to understand
in general, what I want to say now
This position I came to is
These are 5 lines and this passage between gd
ways and the city itself is
perfect absolutely perfect and
universal to start the fight absolutely
on any tank not possessing
booking including suspenders then
there is e25
in such a situation when he
albeit in the top of the list but frontal
shootout can't take part
as you see I did not go to the green and
it was awesome what a correct
decision because there settled our
couple hulk stage and all that is our
a crowd of lords who went to the city
I will try to come back now
Hindu will frantically click on the fact that
all the same
base in the same place will be taken now
little by little they really aren't right on pearl
in this whole situation, move here
i can hide my carcass under
lumbago from enemy base and some
time is still not much opponents
I can restrain the onslaught
those who take the gods well and try
slowly beat down as you can see
the capture counter is already inexorably ticking
Straight in general, everything is sad and I understand that
need to break in as we saw that our
allies are already very close but as
stayed
in 10 seconds I can not just do not have time
20 seconds
slowly we bring down but now my
zalet center base followed
shooting opponents there turned out to be
decisive because i wouldn't do it
now perhaps the second case
did not appear that is practically
because of my flight to the base and
knock down capture there after after withdrawal
statistics sixty three sixty
seven points shoot down capture my on
my account
as you can see we put a big here
some opponents, that is, those who
have come
grab our base but this position
universally not only in order to shoot down
capture in the event of a breakthrough brilliant green you also
can work well on 3 lines
that is, on the minimap I can see
now overlooking
here we have a minimap ie you can
see what the third line is when
the boys will be leaving town here
shootout you can with this
or further from this point calmly
shoot here
By the way, yes, how convenient is our super
skill boys with numerical
advantage twice as cool as
opponents are trying to finish them I can
tell you how else to use this
position in general, they straight thought about me
when i was going to do this guide and
actually here i am becoming
both places and at some points
cardboard and such as borsch or
waffentrager auf pz 4 also leopard-1
even 121 can work perfectly here
later the only vulnerabilities the
Cases can be that you
will want to make some friend but
usually if you are trying here
crush something gets under cross
fire or friend from town
either sloupokov from the base plus you can
intercept fireflies or drunkards started
became on the light and with the help of stereo
highlight kid who move but
in case you have a fast tank dastin
or you are just very close to it
the place for the sharp in general is all that I am
wanted to say about this position
can also be used from
opposite lisp there absolutely
equally destination and as nsk
practical mirror with minimal
the differences
in general, thank you all for watching
subscribe to tv all good luck